FAQ: Why backups are slow on a Linux server that is a member of a windows domain? (#8636)
borgbackup/borg: docs/faq.rst

Another option is to not consider inode numbers in the files cache by passing
``--files-cache=ctime,size``.

> Why backups are slow on a Linux server that is a member of a windows domain?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why are backups slow on a Linux server that is a member of a Windows domain?
```

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

> By default, if a Linux server is a member of a windows domain, username 
> resolution is perfomed via winbind. This can cause a noticeable performance 
> degradation during the backup process. To avoid this, you should use a caching 
> service such as ``nscd``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Linux server is a member of a Windows domain, username to userid resolution might be performed via ``winbind`` without caching, which can slow down backups significantly. You can use e.g. ``nscd`` to add caching and improve the speed.
```
